c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.exe
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.pdb
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\obj\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.exe
c:\users\icarefulkim\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\obj\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.pdb
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Background\grass.xnb
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\obj\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\obj\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\obj\x86\Release\물리를물리도록.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Object\ball.xnb
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Object\ball2.xnb
C:\Users\iCAREFULKIM\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\물리를물리도록\물리를물리도록\bin\Windows\x86\Release\Content\Background\grid.xnb
